chore(reference): extend telemetry docs in process engine configuration (#623)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/reference/deployment-descriptors/tags/process-engine.md

    <td><code>initializeTelemetry</code></td>
    <td>boolean</td>
    <td>
        <p>Sets the initial property value of telemetry configuration only once when it has never been enabled/disabled before. If enabled, information about the setup and usage of the process engine is sent to remote Camunda servers for the sake of analytical evaluation. It can be enabled/disabled later via Java/<a href="{{< ref "/reference/rest/telemetry/port-telemetry.md" >}}">REST</a> API.
        <p>
          When enabled the following data is sent every 24 hours:
	        <ul>
	          <li>process engine version and edition (community or enterprise)</li>
	          <li>process engine installation id</li>

> 	          <li>process engine version and edition (community or enterprise)</li>

Reviewer: Redundant information.

	          <li>database vendor and version</li>
	        </ul>
	        Default value: <code>false</code>
        </p>
        <h6>
          <strong>Legal note:</strong>
        </h6>
        <p>

>           Before you install version alpha 7.14 Alpha 1 or activate the telemetric functionality, please make sure that you are authorized to take this step, and that the installation or activation of the telemetric functionality is not in conflict with any internal company policies, compliance guidelines, any contractual or other provisions or obligations of your company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Before you install a Camunda BPM Runtime version >= 7.14.0-alpha1 or activate the telemetric functionality, please make sure that you are authorized to take this step, and that the installation or activation of the telemetric functionality is not in conflict with any internal company policies, compliance guidelines, any contractual or other provisions or obligations of your company.
```
